README.md, before:

# Docker Riak CS

<div align="center"><img src="./documentation/asset/docker-riak-cs-s3.png"></div>

[Riak CS](http://docs.basho.com/riakcs/latest/) is an object storage software [compatible](http://docs.basho.com/riakcs/latest/references/apis/storage/s3/) with [AWS S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/) API. It's a perfect S3 alternative for local development and testing, which is the exact purpose of this image. It works as a single node to keep the resources to the minimum, something that [Riak guys wouldn't recommend](http://basho.com/why-your-riak-cluster-should-have-at-least-five-nodes/) and certainly not suitable for production. There is [hectcastro/docker-riak-cs](https://github.com/hectcastro/docker-riak-cs) project that allows to bring up a multi-node cluster, which might suite you better.

[<img alt="Circle CI" src="https://circleci.com/gh/ianbytchek/docker-riak-cs.svg?style=svg">](https://circleci.com/gh/ianbytchek/docker-riak-cs)

## Running

Pull or build the image yourself and run it. When the container gets started it will setup the Riak admin and show you the credentials. Will also create optionally provided buckets.

```sh
# Build
docker build -t 'ianbytchek/riak-cs' .

# Or pull
docker pull 'ianbytchek/riak-cs'
 
# Run and create three buckets
docker run -dP -e 'RIAK_CS_BUCKETS=foo,bar,baz' --name 'riak-cs' ianbytchek/riak-cs
```

## Proxy

Riak CS should also be run behind a proxy, this is recommended by Basho and gives certain advantages, such as detailed DNS configuration and url rewriting. Besides Riak doesn't play well with [SHA-256](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1019) and [SSL overall](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1025#issuecomment-64447329), which will eventually be fixed, but until then you are better off with SSL termination. Below is a HAProxy config that you can use along with [ianbytchek/docker-haproxy](https://github.com/ianbytchek/docker-haproxy) to get everything working.

```haproxy
# Make sure to replace <PRIVATE_KEY> with the actual path to relevant ssl key
# and <RIAK_CS_IP_PORT> with the IP and port of the container.

defaults
    mode                    http
    timeout connect         10s
    timeout client          1m
    timeout server          1m

frontend http
    bind *:80
    redirect scheme https code 301 if !{ ssl_fc }

frontend https
    bind *:443 ssl crt <PRIVATE_KEY>
    use_backend riak_cs

backend riak_cs
    balance leastconn
    option httpclose
    reqirep ^Host:\ (.+)?(s3).*(\.amazonaws\.dev)$ Host:\ \1\2\3
    server node01 <RIAK_CS_IP_PORT>
```

## Issues

### AWS access key id does not exist

There is a known [issue](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1048) when the Docker host gets powered off in a non-graceful way. This might be due to the fact that Riak shouldn't be run as a one-node cluster or it doesn't get a chance to properly shut down. Starting a fresh container normally helps, but there were many times when only rebuilding the container and restarting the host would work. This doesn't happen now as often as it used to, though.

### AWS regions

If you explicitly specify the AWS region Riak CS may freak out as described in [this](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1023) issue. It doesn't happen to all regions and probably can be fixed via DNS configuration.

## Bonus

```
# Connect to an existing container.
docker exec -i -t riak-cs bash

# Remove exited containers.
docker ps -a | grep 'Exited' | awk '{print $1}' | xargs docker rm

# Remove intermediary and unused images.
docker rmi $(docker images -aq -f "dangling=true")
```

Commit message:

Adding scripts section in the readme

README.md, after:

# Docker Riak CS

<div align="center"><img src="./documentation/asset/docker-riak-cs-s3.png"></div>

[Riak CS](http://docs.basho.com/riakcs/latest/) is an object storage software [compatible](http://docs.basho.com/riakcs/latest/references/apis/storage/s3/) with [AWS S3](http://aws.amazon.com/s3/) API. It's a perfect S3 alternative for local development and testing, which is the exact purpose of this image. It works as a single node to keep the resources to the minimum, something that [Riak guys wouldn't recommend](http://basho.com/why-your-riak-cluster-should-have-at-least-five-nodes/) and certainly not suitable for production. There is [hectcastro/docker-riak-cs](https://github.com/hectcastro/docker-riak-cs) project that allows to bring up a multi-node cluster, which might suite you better.

[<img alt="Circle CI" src="https://circleci.com/gh/ianbytchek/docker-riak-cs.svg?style=svg">](https://circleci.com/gh/ianbytchek/docker-riak-cs)

## Running

Pull or build the image yourself and run it. When the container gets started it will setup the Riak admin and show you the credentials. Will also create optionally provided buckets.

```sh
# Build
docker build -t 'ianbytchek/riak-cs' .

# Or pull
docker pull 'ianbytchek/riak-cs'
 
# Run and create three buckets
docker run -dP -e 'RIAK_CS_BUCKETS=foo,bar,baz' --name 'riak-cs' ianbytchek/riak-cs
```

## Proxy

Riak CS should be run behind a proxy, its recommended by Basho and gives certain advantages, such as granular DNS configuration and url rewriting. Besides, Riak doesn't play well with [SHA-256](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1019) and [SSL overall](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1025#issuecomment-64447329), which will eventually be fixed, but until then you are better off with SSL termination. Below is a HAProxy config that you can use along with [ianbytchek/docker-haproxy](https://github.com/ianbytchek/docker-haproxy) to get everything working.

```haproxy
# Make sure to replace <PRIVATE_KEY> with the actual path to relevant ssl key
# and <RIAK_CS_IP_PORT> with the IP and port of the container.

defaults
    mode                    http
    timeout connect         10s
    timeout client          1m
    timeout server          1m

frontend http
    bind *:80
    redirect scheme https code 301 if !{ ssl_fc }

frontend https
    bind *:443 ssl crt <PRIVATE_KEY>
    use_backend riak_cs

backend riak_cs
    balance leastconn
    option httpclose
    reqirep ^Host:\ (.+)?(s3).*(\.amazonaws\.dev)$ Host:\ \1\2\3
    server node01 <RIAK_CS_IP_PORT>
```

## Scripts

All image and container business is done in individual scripts instead of using docker file for all of that. During the build we run `build.sh` which runs scripts that install dependencies and patch configuration, while `entrypoint.sh` only configures the application when the container starts.

<div align="center"><img src="./documentation/asset/scripts.png"></div>

## Issues

### AWS access key id does not exist

There is a known [issue](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1048) when the Docker host gets powered off in a non-graceful way. This might be due to the fact that Riak shouldn't be run as a one-node cluster or it doesn't get a chance to properly shut down. Starting a fresh container normally helps, but there were many times when only rebuilding the container and restarting the host would work. This doesn't happen now as often as it used to, though.

### AWS regions

If you explicitly specify the AWS region Riak CS may freak out as described in [this](https://github.com/basho/riak_cs/issues/1023) issue. It doesn't happen to all regions and probably can be fixed via DNS configuration.

### Request time difference is too large

Sometimes everything stops working with `The difference between the request time and the current time is too large.` message. Apparently this is boot2docker specific issue, can be cured with this:

```sh
docker-machine ssh default
sudo killall -9 ntpd
sudo ntpclient -s -h pool.ntp.org
sudo ntpd -p pool.ntp.org
```

## Bonus

```sh
# Connect to an existing container.
docker exec -it 'riak-cs' bash

# Remove exited containers.
docker ps -a | grep 'Exited' | awk '{print $1}' | xargs docker rm

# Remove intermediary and unused images.
docker rmi $(docker images -aq -f 'dangling=true')
```
